---
date: 2020-04-01
title: "CSS"
cover: "https://unsplash.it/400/300/?random?TheFallenTime"
categories:
  - Tech
  - React
tags:
  - test
  - something
  - tagging
---

So today i started the design side of front end development which is Cascading Style Sheets, CSS for short.

What i learnt is that you must create multiple files that "talk" to one another to perform the actions that make the page look better and well displayed. 

What i did was create basic html pages with a couple of links and a lorem ipsum paragraph so that there was something on the page. Then once i had the basics on the html down i then created a new file and called it style.css. This is then linked to the index.html with a link tag, this then means that anything connected to that file it will be displayed on the website. 

Now that the pages are linked you then start to add the detail. I started by first of all using the `text-align` tag to center all the content.

Then i then looked at my lorem ipsum paragraph i tried to position that and change the font and size. I used a couple of different styles such as `font-family` and `font-style` to change the design slightly. I also added a border and changed the text to italics.

I then moved on to adding a picture on to the background and did this by using the `background-image: url()` and saving a photo from another website to my own documents and then changed the size using `background-size` to cover. 

Once things started to piece together i then added another photo of a cup of coffee, but rather than saving a document onto my computer i did this by linking it another webpage (knowing that it would slow the page down). I changed the size and the padding so it "floated" in the right corner of the page. 


During this i learnt about adding neat touches to the webpage and how to move items arounc, whether that would be pictures or text. 
